1. What are the advantages of Makefile? Give examples?
-> It makes codes more concise and clear to read and debug.
-> No need to compile entire program every time whenever you make a change to a functionality or a class. 
Makefile will automatically compile only those files where change has occurred.
-> Generally, in long codes or projects, Makefile is widely used in order to present project in more systematic and efficient way.

For example:
Suppose you have a program that you have split into two files, which you have imaginatively named file1.c and file2.c.  You can compile the program by running

gcc file1.c file2.c -o yourprogram
But this requires recompiling both files every time, even if only one has changed.  You can decompose the compilation steps into

gcc -c file1.c
gcc -c file2.c
gcc file1.o file2.o -o yourprogram
and then, when you edit one of the files, recompile only that file (and perform the linking step no matter what you changed).  
But what if you edit one file, and then the other, and you forget that you edited both files, and accidentally recompile only one?

That is when Makefile comes into rescue. As mentioned above, Makefile will recompile those files which have changed automatically
without any manually detection.

2. Is there any other automatic compilation tool besides Makefile? Give some names?
Some of the BEST Build Automation Tools
#1) Jenkins
#2) Maven
#3) Gradle
#4) Travis CI
#5) Bamboo
#6) CircleCI
#7) TeamCity
#8) Apache Ant
#9) BuildMaster
#10) Codeship

What are the reasons for creating new compilation tools?
Challenges for Build Automation:

#1) Longer builds: Longer builds take more time to run, it will increase the developer’s wait time and thereby reduces productivity.

#2) Large volumes of builds: If a large volume of builds is running, then you will get limited access to the build servers for that specific period.

#3) Complex builds: Complex builds may require extensive manual efforts and may reduce flexibility.

Benefits Of Automation Build Tools
Using the build automation software has several benefits as mentioned below:

-> Saving time and money.
-> Keeping a history of builds and releases. It will help in investigating the issue.
-> Dependencies on key personnel will be eliminated through these tools.
-> It will accelerate the process.
-> It will perform redundant tasks.